Update bundled MySQL version to 8.0.40 (#17552)
vitessio/vitess: changelog/22.0/22.0.0/summary.md

This feature ensures that, during traffic spikes, idle connections are available for faster responses, while minimizing overhead in low-traffic periods by limiting the number of idle connections retained. It helps strike a balance between performance, efficiency, and cost.

### <a id="mysql-8-0-40"/>Update default MySQL version to 8.0.40</a>

The default major MySQL version used by our `vitess/lite:latest` image is going from `8.0.30` to `8.0.40`.
This change was brought by [Pull Request #17552](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/pull/17552).

VTGate also advertises MySQL version `8.0.40` by default instead of `8.0.30` if no explicit version is set. The users can set the `mysql_server_version` flag to advertise the correct version.

#### <a id="upgrading-to-this-release-with-vitess-operator"/>⚠️Upgrading to this release with vitess-operator

> If you are using the `vitess-operator` and want to remain on MySQL 5.7, **you are required** to use the `vitess/lite:v16.0.0-mysql57` Docker Image, otherwise the `vitess/lite:v16.0.0` image will be on MySQL 80.

Author: @mattlord Ah yeah, removed this!

To opt into this feature, `--enable-primary-disk-stalled-recovery` flag has to be specified on VTOrc, and `--disk-write-dir` flag has to be specified on the vttablets. `--disk-write-interval` and `--disk-write-timeout` flags can be used to configure the polling interval and timeout respectively. 

### <a id="mysql-8-0-40"/>Update default MySQL version to 8.0.40</a>

The default major MySQL version used by our `vitess/lite:latest` image is going from `8.0.30` to `8.0.40`.
This change was brought by [Pull Request #17552](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/pull/17552).

VTGate also advertises MySQL version `8.0.40` by default instead of `8.0.30` if no explicit version is set. The users can set the `mysql_server_version` flag to advertise the correct version.

#### <a id="upgrading-to-this-release-with-vitess-operator"/>⚠️Upgrading to this release with vitess-operator

If you are using the `vitess-operator`, considering that we are bumping the patch version of MySQL 80 from `8.0.30` to `8.0.40`, you will have to manually upgrade:

1. Add `innodb_fast_shutdown=0` to your extra cnf in your YAML file.
2. Apply this file.
3. Wait for all the pods to be healthy.

> 4. Then change your YAML file to use the new Docker Images (`vitess/lite:v16.0.0`, defaults to mysql80).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Then change your YAML file to use the new Docker Images (`vitess/lite:v22.0.0`, defaults to mysql v8.0.40).
```
